Refine Repo README and payjoin lib.rs (#1248)
payjoin/rust-payjoin: README.md

## About

`payjoin/rust-payjoin` contains multiple crates intended to assist the implementation of Payjoin functionality as defined in [BIP 78: Payjoin V1 (Synchronous)](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0078.mediawiki) and [BIP 77: Payjoin V2 (Asynchronous)](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0077.md), and the deployment of OHTTP relays and Payjoin directories which facilitate Async Payjoin transactions.

Find the description of each crate below.

### [`payjoin`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/payjoin)

> The main Payjoin Dev Kit library which provides tools for implementing both Payjoin V2 (Asynchronous) and V1 (Synchronous). For Payjoin V2, the library also contains Payjoin session persistence support and IO utilities for interacting with OHTTP relays.

Reviewer: I've been doing everything I can to have people call them "Sync Payjoin" and "Async Payjoin" rather than v1/v2 which has proven confusing. Is it possible to change the language so that we just ignore v1/v2 and say e.g. "The main payjoin Dev Kit library which provides tools for implementing Async Payjoin and earlier protocols."

**Disclaimer: This crate has not been reviewed by independent Rust and Bitcoin security professionals (yet). Use at your own risk.**

### [`payjoin-cli`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/payjoin-cli)

A CLI tool which performs no-frills Payjoin. It is a reference implementation of the Payjoin Dev Kit which uses a Bitcoin Core wallet.

### [`ohttp-relay`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/ohttp-relay)

> A Rust implementation of an Oblivious HTTP (OHTTP) relay resource.

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning high-level bip77 specific changes here and definitely in the ohttp-relay readme. TODO

**Disclaimer: Both this crate and the [IETF paper](https://ietf-wg-ohai.github.io/oblivious-http/draft-ietf-ohai-ohttp.html) are undergoing active revision. Use at your own risk.**

### [`payjoin-directory`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/payjoin-directory)

> A reference implementation for a Payjoin directory which stores and forwards HTTP client messages between the sender and the receiver to allow for asynchronous Payjoin transactions. Payjoin V2 clients encapsulate requests using [Oblivious HTTP (OHTTP)](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc9458.html) which allows them to make payjoins without the directory being able to link payjoins to specific client IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reference implementation for a Payjoin Directory which stores and forwards messages between the sender and the receiver to allow for Async Payjoin transactions. Async Payjoin clients make requests to the directory using [Oblivious HTTP (OHTTP)](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc9458.html) which prevents the directory from being able to link payjoins to specific client IP addresses.
```

- Payjoin Directory is capitalized as a proper noun everywhere the words are used together in the BIP. I suggest keeping consistent.
- HTTP client messages aren't formatted, special payloads are. "messages" is sufficient imo
- Async Payjoin is the name of BIP 77.
- The protocol making use of both encapsulation and the relay prevents the linking, not just encapsulation

**Disclaimer: Both this crate and the [IETF paper](https://ietf-wg-ohai.github.io/oblivious-http/draft-ietf-ohai-ohttp.html) are undergoing active revision. Use at your own risk.**

### [`payjoin-directory`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/payjoin-directory)

A reference implementation for a Payjoin Directory which stores and forwards HTTP client messages between the sender and the receiver to allow for Async Payjoin transactions. Async Payjoin clients make requests to the directory using [Oblivious HTTP (OHTTP)](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc9458.html) which prevents the directory from being able to link payjoins to specific client IP addresses.

### [`payjoin-test-utils`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/payjoin-test-utils)

The test utilities library which provides commonly used testing fixtures such as a local OHTTP relay and Payjoin directory, bitcoind node and wallets, and official test vectors.

### [`payjoin-ffi`](https://github.com/payjoin/rust-payjoin/tree/master/payjoin-ffi)

The language bindings which expose the Rust-based Payjoin implementation to various programming languages.

Currently supported languages:

- Dart
- Javascript

> - Python

Reviewer: As these are published, we may link them
